For this project, I used UV along with VS Code and its Chatbot which was on GPT-5 mini. I also used ChatGPT 5.1 to help me troubleshoot with UV and run the code on my local computer using my own terminal. I also used GPT - 4o and GPT – 5.1 and I would chat with them directly to be able to produce the work for tasks one through five. This is important as I used a lot of the source material from tasks one through five in my work and I did this by using the shell of the updated code that I had gotten from task three, since it was the most updated version of tasks one and two, and then I would provide the VS Code Chatbot with the code I had from tasks 4 and 5 and ask the chatbot to help me implement it to the current code, with my homework manager idea. I found that talking to ChatGPT directly was way worse than using VS Code to write more intricate code, as ChatGPT, even though I had 5.1, would put me in an endless loop of terminal issues because of the path directory and would try too many different solutions in which none would work. It was frustrating because it would claim to have found the issue just for the solutions to flop as well. I really enjoyed using VS Code’s chatbot, as I really like that it had access to look at and to change any files in which I mentioned or wanted changing. This more involved AI Chatbot was better at noticing and fixing my problems, and is why I switched to it for the development of the Final Project and I ran into almost no drawbacks. The only noticeable issue I found with this chatbot is that I often had to repeat myself a little bit or tell it to continue on because it would stop for my input. While this is a good thing, when I give it a lot of instructions and it pauses even knowing what I want, it can get a little frustrating. I attached to the prototypes folder and made commits on GitHub for every significant step on the way to having a finished project, and I did this to keep a working base from implementing each step so that if the code broke when trying to implement the next step, id have a safe base or backup to recall and replace my broken code so I wouldn't lose my progress. Once I was done with all of the tasks implementation, I tried to brainstorm what I would need for my product as if I was creating a tool I would use daily. After adding the main functionality (add, search, delete, list, due date), I had troubles coming up with what I can have AI do, until I came up with summaries for descriptions. It sounded like a quite boring use of AI, so I also decided to add an AI homework completer. I provided the code that I had made in task 4, and I told VS Code what I wanted from it and to use this example, I had to create something with a similar structure that would go through files and answer the questions. It came out perfectly, and I decided to make an assignment folder so that it wouldn't be too hard to use on a regular basis. This is how I got to my final product, basically just implementing the tasks from before but using GPT-5 mini from VS Code’s Chatbot to help me integrate all of the tasks into a useful homework manager.

